feat(scheduler-core): time scale should take fractional startDayHour/endDayHour values (#2396)
DevExpress/devextreme-reactive: packages/dx-react-scheduler/docs/reference/week-view.md

excludedDays? | Array&lt;number&gt; | [] | Specifies the days of week that should not be displayed in the view. Accepts an array of zero-bazed day indexes (0 - Sunday).
intervalCount? | number | 1 | Multiplies the default view interval.
cellDuration? | number | 30 | Specifies the cell's duration in minutes.

> startDayHour? | number | 0 | Specifies the start hour of the view time scale. Accepts floating values from 0 to 24.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
startDayHour? | number | 0 | Specifies the start hour of the view time scale. Accepts floating-point numbers from 0 to 24.
```

> endDayHour? | number | 24 | Specifies the end hour of the view time scale. Accepts floating values from 0 to 24.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
endDayHour? | number | 24 | Specifies the end hour of the view time scale. Accepts floating-point numbers from 0 to 24.
```
